# Hyper
A toolkit for creating 2D/3D games, based on **raylib**, and one of the following physics engines: **reactphysics3d**, **bullet physics**, **open dynamics engine**. (All base libraries are subject to change during development.)

## IMPORTANT
**Hyper is not currently in active development.** The idea for Hyper is a *Godot-style* game engine with *lower-level programming* support (c++) and a *less messy framework.* HOWEVER, Hyper is on standby until further notice. This is due to several reasons. The most simple reason is an inability for the maintainers to actively work on the toolkit, due to time restrictions and other external limitations beyond control of the maintainers. However, the Hyper toolkit is still a live project, and updates will be made when relevant factors permit.

## Project Structure
Hyper consists of a framework and an editor. The editor creates the standard workflow of a game engine, providing tools to edit scenes and projects, import and organize assets, and build, test and deploy projects. The editor is not considered part of the engine itself, but rather part of the larger Hyper toolkit. The framework contains all the essential functionality of the overal Hyper toolkit, including the rendering pipeline, the physics implementation, the scene structure, asset loading, various classes to implement behaviors, and all other components of the game engine. This functionality is built off of the base libraries mentioned previously (see top). The framework is essentially equivalent to the engine itself, meaning the framework is maintained here and the editor is maintained separately (although both are maintained by the same developers).
